What do you think Rahul if you starting working on reviewing them? I.e., cleaning the repository PRs.
For instance, for each optimizer we have about 3 PRs related to 'adding a new example idea', also PRs related to 'adding Idea subsection'.
What do you think about getting one optimizer, check the ~6 PRs and merge them to create a new version of the optimizer vignette?

Just chose one optimizer, and work on combining all its Code-in (vignette-related) PRs.
To do this, please create a new branch, and try to merge all of these students' PRs to it (so we can give some credit to them). Then do some writing modifications, and submit your branch to PR to rco's develop branch.
It is not a straight forward task, so take your time


Steps to be taken:
1. Find all "Adding a new example idea" and "Idea Subsection" of a particular optimizer.
2. That optimizer will be: 
3.


Pick One Option:
A) Warmer ocean water

Increased ocean acidification implies:
A) decreased CO2 in the atmosphere

Pick one option:
D) Greater efforts need to be made to control climate change

Which is true?:
A) Temperature is the most important indicator of climate change

Drought not affected?:
A) By causing a shortage of skillfull labour

Historical Formation:
B) Disintegration followed by expansion

Pick:
A) Louis XVI didnot learn from the mistakes....

D) Napolean used the French army for his personal gains

B) By virtue of his association with the Avigon Papsy

C) Financial drain on the French Economy




BuyHatke Questions:

Given a Directed positive weighted graph with source and destination node. Return the minimum
weight to reach the destination node. But its compulsory to take one or more paths in between
to reach the destination node. (In the least Complexity).

OS Questions are a must -> 
What is a dependancy graph and then from that a code to detect loops in the graph.
Process and Thread
Thrashing
Deadlock and necessary conditions
Prevention of deadlocks
Priority inversion

These seem a little too much, keep them for last, apart from the *String* question:

What is the number of binary search trees that you can make from a given sorted array that consists of only unique numbers. (Catalan number)

Given a inorder and preorder of a binary tree, write a code to print the tree, if you can identify a unique tree from it.

Write a code to find the next greater number with the same set of digits as that of a given number. eg for 4132 you can make 4213.

Given a character ‘c’ and a string ‘s’, find the number of substrings that have the character c present only once in them.